[TT-8515] Add documentation for GoPlugin ctx.GetOASDefinition (#2933)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/plugins/supported-languages/golang.md

```
`ctx.GetDefinition` returns an APIDefinition object, the Go data structure can be found [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/blob/master/apidef/api_definitions.go#L351)

#### Accessing OAS API definition from a Golang plugin

When Tyk passes a request to your plugin, the OAS API definition is made available as part of the request context. This can be accessed as follows:

```go
package main
import (
  "fmt"
  "net/http"
  "github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/ctx"
)
func main() {}
func MyPluginFunction(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
  oas := ctx.GetOASDefinition(r)
  fmt.Println("OAS doc title is", oas.Info.Title)
}
```

> `ctx.GetOASDefinition` returns an OAS object, the Go data structure can be found [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/blob/master/apidef/oas/oas.go#L25)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ctx.GetOASDefinition` returns an `OAS` object containing the Tyk OAS API definition. The Go data structure can be found [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/blob/master/apidef/oas/oas.go#L25)
```

```
{{< warning success >}}
**Warning**

> `ctx.GetDefinition` returns `nil` for Tyk OAS APIs and `ctx.GetOASDefinition` returns `nil` for Tyk Classic APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ctx.GetDefinition` returns `nil` if called from a Tyk OAS API and `ctx.GetOASDefinition` returns `nil` if called from a Tyk Classic API.
```
